How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	It saves the time to go through each line and focus only on the areas that have a
	difference. You still have to find the error, but it is quite helpful.
	The other benefit is that diff will know if there is more than one difference.
	With a manual process, you have to do trial and error.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient 
programmer in the long term?
	
	By learning about the process. More specifically, going through the history can tell
	you information about how a file started, what improvements were made over time, what
	mistakes had to be corrected, etc.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Pros: more control, more flexibility, more intuitive and informative if done right
	Cons: prone to user error, needs awareness from user

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	
	Because of dependencies. Since Git was designed with code in mind, it is better if all related
	components are batched together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	
	log: to see all commits that have been made, when, and by who 
	diff: to see "how much" changed, and what changed between 2 commitsq

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	You can always go back and fix them! Using checkout and diff enables you to find where and when 
	the change that broke something occurred.
	Also you can check out branches and work on/explore them independently.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	Start getting used to the commands and getting comfortable with all the processes.
	Get my portfolio organized and on GitHub